feat: add example of parsing structured content in an interceptor (#1811)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langchain/mcp.mdx

        structured_content = message.artifact["structured_content"]
```

**Appending structured content via interceptor**

> You can use an [interceptor](#tool-interceptors) to automatically append structured content to the tool message, making it visible to the model:

Author: ```suggestion
If you want structured content to be visible in the conversation history (visible to the model), you can use an [interceptor](#tool-interceptors) to automatically append structured content to the tool result:
```
